HaSeul: This is a wand!
HaSeul: That I bought from nearby D*ISO
HaSeul: And It makes sound!
(Ringing)
HaSeul: I'm gonna lead our members with using this wand a little bit later.
HaSeul: I declare that this is a new wand for the leader.
HaSeul: And you can see the star here.
HaSeul: We are LOOΠΔ and it means the moon, right?
HaSeul: (HaSeul's official comment) So this star represents our fans.
HaSeul: I worry that I'll be the only one appearing on this LOOΠΔ TV episode!
HaSeul: Hi, Kim Lip!
HaSeul: When does your filming start?
Kim Lip: What is this? You surprised me!
HaSeul: What does this cross mean?
HaSeul: What does this pocket mean?
HaSeul: And why are your pants so tight?
HaSeul: Hi, ViVi~
HaSeul: Why are you wearing a necklace?
ViVi: Well... I'm...
ViVi: It's just a concept...
HaSeul: There are a lot of people here.
HaSeul: One, two, three, four...
(Too many people, too much noise)
HaSeul: I guess there are 20 poeple including staffs here!
Go Won: Hello!
Go Won: There are too many people here!
Go Won: And you talk too much!
HaSeul: Because~
HaSeul: BECAUSE~
HaSeul: Talking too much makes loud sound and these elements make LOOΠΔ TV interesting!
Go Won: Oh really? However, it's too noisy~
HeeJin: I heard that too many voices on audio are not appropriate to be aired.
HaSeul: Shall we try to filming against a mirror?
HaSeul: If you take it in front of a mirror, you can get more beautiful picture!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ 1/3 - You and Me Together"